- Firstly, thankyou for giving me the opportunity to do this project. This is a really intresting problem
- i have actually done a similar project which is called Agentic AI research assistant which had many tools in its arsenal. But there were a few shortcommings in that project. Mainly the problem was that most of the tools were not called because it relied on the LLM to call that specific tool and mostly it called only a few tools. Second problem with that project was that the agent didnt followed a specific plan, it just took the query from the user and decided which tool to use. The problem with this is that there was no specific good query for the websearch tool to follow. The agent also had a loop in which the agent would again circle back to tool call without having any specific critique node, so it would sometimes just stuck in a loop where it called tools, got the output and then decided whether it had to stop or return to the start node again.
- in this iteration of the project I am trying to solve these non deterministic problems. what i plan to do is use a plan -> research -> critique -> report structure. Where first the there will be a planning node that will plan what query needs to be asked to the web search tool. Then the web search tool will fetch all the relevant pages from the internet and then the critique node will tell whether the information received is sufficient enough to answer the query or no. If yes then the report is generated else it will go back to the planning node again. I will also add in a loop counter so that the agent doesnt get stuck in a loop.
- I will first structured the project as an installable Python package. This enables me to do absolute imports to prevent "ModuleNotFound" errors and it will also allow me to install all the necessary packages in the requirements.txt file.
- I will now add logging to the code so that I can keep track of what is happening in the code.
- now i will create the necessary folders for my assistant. agent folder house the main agent code. tools folder to define the tools. utils folder which will contain the actual logic for the tools and some other helper codes. prompt library folder to house the prompts file which will store all the prompts needed for llm calls. models folder to store the pydantic models. config folder will store all the config needed during execution of the agent and finally the evals folder to have the langsmith evaluations.
- i'll make the config loader now as it will be used every where in the code. 
- i'll now added the model loader file that will help me load the model for any node of the agent.
- i have adeed the Groq model which will allow me to first test the model on free limits by groq service i'll later add the openai model 
- now lets make the web search util. the file that will actually search the internet and return the agent webpages.
- I'll now move on to make the web search tool out of the web search util.
- I have thought to add th planner node, the critique node and the report node all of which will require prompts. the writer prompt will require the results of the searches as input and also the initial query by the user to answer the question and give the report answering the question. The critique query will reuire the searched results and the initial query to answer whether the resutls are sufficient enough to answer the question or not. finally the planner query will require the initial query to generate search query for the web search tool, but it will also reuire the previous feed back from the critique node if the previous search was not enough to answer the question and also it will require the conversation history if any followup questions are asked.
- building the agent now and also the pydantic models that will be used to help me in data validation. in my previous research agent i have used ReAct structure where it simply calls the tools based on the query and returns the output. now i will use the plan -> research -> critique (loop back to plan if necessary) -> report structure. this is mostly a linear graph structure with a conditional edge between the critique and the plan nodes.
- One improvement that I wanted to do on my previous project was to make the web search faster. as it was taking a lot of time to fetch multiple webpages. What I had plannd to do is use a parallel execution where each query is search parallely and lanchain does provide a functionality for parallel execution of the same node in a map reduce manner and I will try to implement this here.
- now lets build the server which will run the streaming service. after the query is sent from the streamlit app to the server it will be processed by the agent and the progress will be streamed back to the streamlit app. This is something new that i'll do in the project.